iconic she's an artist she is the
history of fashion like no other
designer she's a legend
modern graphic she's explosive
yes I'm sure your gratitude is quite
inexpressible I first encountered Edna's
work I remember sitting in Paris along
diving Mila hmm she's very intimidating
outrageous you love Ashley right
Edna's a divisive figure that cycle in
siog Louie Vuitton Edgar she's a
visionary a giant I mean well not
literally she comes up to my knees my
favorite and new pieces the nuclear ones
the rocket stilettos everyone has said
the bees don't ask me to do it again
darling my rates are far too have you
ever heard anything so different and
they can all pull it off a tall dark and
angsty Elastigirl Edna designed this
know some guy named Alexander gehlbach I
would say Edna mode is like the
modern-day Andy Warhol but I think Andy
Warhol looked up to her bravo Bravo
darling no bill will be covered by my
feet for being mr. incredible Elastigirl
and frozen's exclusive designer
throughout the known universe and until
the end of time
[Music]
is that a new job doing hero work I
couldn't have done this if you hadn't
taken over so Wow bulimic
superheroes are illegal it defines Who I
am
we're not saying you have what someone
on TV said I was approached baddest
tycoon most to talk about hero stuff
help me bring supers back into the
sunlight
we need Elastigirl you're supposed to do
a dad they want us to do it I don't know
that way why would they change math over
Dusseldorf do those are dogs in that's
so heavy to be closer I couldn't have
done this if you hadn't taken over so
well I've got to succeed so she can
succeed
bob is freaky but I can't keep giving
him nobody done properly parenting is a
heroic act
done properly
[Music]